<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
	<meta charset="utf-8" />
	<title>How the Vote Was Won: A Play in One Act (1910) by Cicely Hamilton and Christopher St. John</title>
	<style>
	
	</style>
</head>
<body>

<aside><i>This is a brief excerpt from a play with longer speeches. Simplest possible HTML, no CSS at the moment. </i></aside>
<!--stage direction-->
 <p><i>…to her husband's coat. She is a pretty, fluffy little woman who could never be bad-tempered, but might be fretful. At this minute she is smiling indulgently, and rather irritatingly, at her sister Winifred, who is sitting by the fire (l.) when the curtain rises, but gets up almost immediately to leave. Winifred is a tall and distinguished looking young woman with a cheer ful, capable manner and an emphatic diction which betrays the public speaker. She wears the colours of the National Woman's Social and Political Union.</i></p>
 

<p><b>Winifred:</b> Well, good-bye, Ethel. It's a pity you won't believe me. I wanted to let you and Horace down gently, or I shouldn't be here.</p>

<p><b>Ethel:</b> But you're always prophesying these dread ful things, Winnie, and nothing ever happens. Do you remember the day when you tried to in
vade the House of Commons from submarine boats ? Oh, Horace did laugh when he saw in the papers that you had all been landed on the Hovis wharf by mistake ! "By accident, on purpose !" Horace said. He couldn't stop laughing all the evening. "What price your sister Winifred," he said. "She asked for a vote, and they gave her bread." He kept on — you can't think how funny he was about it !</p>

<p><b>Winifred:</b> Oh, but I can ! I know my dear brother- in-law's sense of humour is his strong point. Well, we must hope it will bear the strain that is going to be put on it to-day. Of course, when his female relations invade his house —all with the same story, "I've come to be supported" —he may think it excruciatingly funny. One never knows.</p>
</body>
</html>
